In the last module, we had a brief look at responsive design,
now I want to come back to some of the different technologies we can use to create a progressive web app
and one important feature we can implement is background synchronization.
It's a relatively new feature,
browser support is still growing but already there for some important browsers and background synchronization
allows you to do one important thing, synchronize your data even if the user is offline while sending
it.
Imagine this situation, you have an offline ready application as we do and the user of course can navigate
around there and can load and see your data
but he can't send data if he's offline.
Now after this module, we'll be able to store requests we want to send in our application if we are offline
and send them once connectivity is re-established.
Sounds awesome,
it really is
and I can't wait to get started
so let's dive into background synchronization.